Xsup 39381 joesecurity file value (#35408)
demisto/content: Packs/JoeSecurity/ReleaseNotes/1_1_23.md

#### Integrations

##### Joe Security v2
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/vendors-sdk:1.0.0.103334*.

> The ***file*** command DBotScore result will now have the SHA256 as the file indicator value instead of the file name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue where the *DBotScore.Indicator* output of the ***file*** command contained the file name instead of the file's SHA256.
```
